LOHILO
How LOHILO Successfully Grew E-Commerce Sales【大标题】1
With programmatic advertising, LOHILO managed to take their marketing efforts from great to amazing. After launching high quality campaigns for their e-commerce, the company grew by 88% in the first half of 2020. Today, LOHILO is listed on the Stockholm stock market with products nation-wide in Sweden and a fast growing e-commerce, selling products within fashion, functional foods and drinks.

About【标题】
LOHILO was founded in 2014 with a vision to create an ice-cream that not only was delicious, but also healthy enough to be a post work-out snack. This resulted in the creation of the worlds first high protein, low fat, and low carb ice-cream. Which, of course, tastes fantastic.

LOHILOs recipe for success didn’t stop there though, they applied the strong brand to more verticals within high quality functional foods. Today, LOHILO is listed on the Stockholm stock market with products nation-wide in Sweden and a fast growing e-commerce, selling products within fashion, functional foods and drinks.

Challenge【标题】
The Swedish functional foods company, LOHILO, quickly made a name for themselves in 2014 when they filled store freezers with an ice-cream full of protein and less sugar and fat than its competitors. Today, the company offers a wide range of “delicious and nutritious” food products. However, many of LOHILOs products were limited to in-store consumers and a e-commerce was needed to grow further.

To increase e-commerce sales, programmatic advertising would prove to be an important key for success. With RTiBid’s platform, ad placements are optimised automatically which enables high reach while still being cost-efficient. By also using retargeting ads, LOHILO could convert potential customers that previously visited the site without buying anything.

The programmatic campaigns also had tangible effects in the stores:

“We see a clear connection between our digital advertising and our fast growth. Even if the customer doesn’t take action directly after seeing the ad, our brand stays top-of-mind and the consumers learn about our products”, says LOHILO CEO Richard Hertvig.

Results【标题】
RTiBid has been a clear contributing factor to the fast growth of LOHILOs e-commerce.

“When it comes to learning about consumers and point your marketing efforts in the right direction, digital display advertising is the winner without competition. Social Media and programmatic display is crucial to us, not only to drive traffic to our e-commerce, but also to build a long-term relationship with our customers”, says Richard Hertvig.

LOHILO E-commerce Manager, Mikaela Reiserer agrees:

“The need for a programmatic platform was obvious considering our young target audience. Today’s 18 – 25 year olds don’t spend their time on Facebook, which has previously been a crucial channel for us. We are seeing an increasing amount of young adults surfing the web on their mobiles and computers, which makes programmatic advertising a great channel for us”, says Mikaela Reiserer.

“RTiBid has acted as an extension of our marketing team. They have helped us with everything from strategic advice and budget proposals, to graphics design of ads. The support combined with full transparency has really given us control of our campaigns”, Mikaela Reiserer concludes.

---
Herbmed – Demanding Challenges. Creative Solutions.【大标题】2
Due to many digital advertising channels restricting ads for the CBD industry, Herbmed needed a scalable solution. With RTiBid’s platform and skilled customer success team, Herbmed has not only maintained a ROAS above 329% but also developed and fine-tuned its messaging.

About【标题】
Since 2015 Herbmed has been at the forefront of the CBD industry, including products such as CBD oils or skincare. The e-Commerce follows a vision to create opportunities for everyone to use safe and natural CBD products. 

Why Herbmed?
Few CBD brands have been in the game as long as Herbmed. They only use ethically-sourced CBD extract from a trusted supplier. They also use independent test labs to ensure high-quality products across the range.

Herbmed focuses much of its communication on educating consumers about the benefits of CBD products. CBD products can for example be used as pain relief, in supplements, or with skincare.

Read more about Herbmed’s work here.

Challenge【标题】
Even though all psychoactive substances are removed from CBD oils and creams, the industry is still widely misunderstood. Consequently, Herbmed has an uphill climb in its marketing efforts.

Herbmed’s (Many) Challenges
Herbmed’s main marketing activities are centered around website content, e-mail activities, influencers, and organic social media.

Due to many digital advertising channels, such as Facebook and Google Ads, restricting ads for the CBD industry, Herbmed needs a scalable solution. 

This requires a channel to grow their brand awareness, minimize distrust, and lead the effort to educate their market about the proven benefits of CBD products. Whilst increasing sales and maintaining a positive ROI.

Results【标题】
Herbmed’s goal is to maintain a sustainable return on ad spend (ROAS) while continuing to increase brand awareness and sales – simple and effective. After seeing the simplicity of the platform and real-time reporting in a RTiBid demo, the choice was a no-brainer.

Goal: High ROAS. Solution: RTiBid
“RTiBid has found the perfect synergy between a great self-service advertising platform and creative and strategic support for great results,” says George Duckett, Head of Marketing, Herbmed. 

With RTiBid’s platform and skilled customer success team, Herbmed has not only maintained ROAS above 329% but also developed and fine-tuned its messaging.

With the creative support of RTiBid’s dedicated success manager, Herbmed was able to double its click-through rate (CTR).

“Our partnership has been great so far. The assistance from our dedicated success manager surpasses my expectations. We routinely have follow-ups with RTiBid covering everything from targeting improvements, A/B testing, and optimization of ads. We continue to see a return on ad spend above our expectations and are very satisfied with RTiBid. I look forward to continuing our partnership with them,” says George Duckett, Head of Marketing, Herbmed. 

Herbmed’s Success: A Quick Summary 
RTiBid’s unique platform has helped Herbmed with: 

Maintaining a high ROAS
Increasing conversions
A solution for creating banner ads directly on the platform
A/B testing messages and offers
Finding the right target audience

---
Holdit – Effective Programmatic For eCommerce【大标题】3
Holdit, a Sweden-based mobile accessories company, diversified their marketing mix to include programmatic, complementing their other marketing activities and providing valuable insights into their customers. Find out how RTiBid helped Holdit exceed their ROAS goals, drive major impressions and traffic, and ultimately spread their brand through effective programmatic display advertising.

Meet Holdit【标题】
Holdit was ahead of the game when it came to mobile accessories. After spotting a hole in the market, the Sweden-based company rose to the occasion, creating stylish and easy-to-grip silicone shells. After quickly becoming popular with customers and retailers, Holdit’s product portfolio has expanded significantly. Holdit initially operated under a B2B model selling to other retailers but launched a direct-to-consumer (D2C) ecommerce in 2017. 

True to their motto of “We know color, just choose your vibe.”, Holdit’s 100% vegan products bring a stylish, Scandinavian touch that resonates with the brand’s target audience. As a company, Holdit’s vision is to be the first choice for trendy mobile accessories whenever someone buys a new device. Holdit strives for transparency with its sustainability goals and has committed to reaching climate neutrality by 2025–all while prioritizing diversity and equity.

We spoke with Adam Lindh, Chief Digital Officer at Holdit, and his team about how the company has successfully built a brand and grown its business with strategic omnichannel marketing, including programmatic advertising.

Challenge【标题】
When it comes to digital marketing for D2C ecommerce, Holdit uses a holistic approach to reach its target audience of fashion-forward young people aged 18-34. Holdit uses organic, paid, and influencer marketing on social media – Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Snapchat, they’ve got it covered. Holdit has four teams that work close together to manage and deliver paid media, generate demand, and ultimately drive conversions. 

These internal collaborations help uncover synergies between content and performance. According to Adam, “Based on our data, we give our content team a brief of material needed and then evaluate what’s working and what’s not. Of course, measured depending on the goal of the campaign and platform.”

Holdit relies on analytics to understand what’s in demand throughout the customer journey. “We try to have a good balance between upper funnel and lower funnel,” says Adam. “When it comes to the upper funnel we focus on branding campaigns, with the goal being high reach, engagement and low CPM.”

Once potential customers are mid-funnel, metrics like quality traffic, CTR and CPC become more important. At the bottom of the funnel, the focus is on running campaigns with high return on ad spend (ROAS) and lower cost per acquisition (CPA). 

Why Add Programmatic for Ecommerce?【标题】
Of course, different channels play different roles for consumers throughout their journey. While many ecommerce businesses turn to programmatic advertising for high-ROAS lower-funnel conversion campaigns, Holdit has been using RTiBid to grow the top of the funnel as a complement to other marketing activities. 

“A common issue with digital marketing is being dependant of Google,” says Adam. “We strive to distribute our budget across several platforms so that we’re not dependant on a single platform. RTiBid is a great complement for us in this regard.“

After identifying the need to diversify Holdit’s marketing mix to include programmatic, Adam brought RTiBid on board in October of 2022. After just a few weeks, Holdit’s programmatic campaigns were exceeding goals and providing valuable insights into their customers.

“We get so much more information from RTiBid about our campaigns. We even see how long it takes for someone to make a purchase after seeing or clicking on an ad, which is great” says Adam.

This information is critical for Holdit to understand their audience and meet their needs: “We get a better idea of ​​what our customer journey looks like. Even if we have a fairly price-friendly product, it can still take a couple of days before someone makes the purchase. You might think that purchases usually happen straight away, but it usually doesn’t. Even though it is a fairly cheap product, we see customers still need to have a couple of interactions with Holdit to complete the purchase.”

Results【标题】
When selling products at a lower price point, high-ROAS campaigns can be hard to come by. Even so, Holdit’s campaigns are exceeding their ROAS goals and driving major impressions and traffic:

2.80X (Goal: 2X)
10,442 clicks
3.2 million impressions 
A Programmatic Partner【标题】
In addition to its easy self-serve platform, RTiBid offers managed service for customers. For Holdit, that means meeting with their client success manager about every week. Adam says: “It’s one of those things that I appreciate a lot with RTiBid: we get a very good support that we are in contact with every week. We are super satisfied.”

We asked Adam if he had any tips about the role of programmatic ads in digital marketing for ecommerce brands, and he shared this wisdom:

“When you want to enter a new market or if you want to further establish yourself in a market, programmatic display advertising is a good way to go. It should be seen as a strong complement to the other channels. RTiBid and programmatic advertising is an effective way to spread one’s brand.”

“Even though we are established in the nordic markets, you can always grow and you have to be on your toes and fill the funnel with new traffic that never ends. And there it is a big advantage that we can reach out to as many people as possible with programmatic display.”

---
Zen Pırlanta Increases Brand Awareness Through Personalized Streaming Video Ads【大标题】 4
Staying ahead of competitors with high-reach visibility campaigns

【数据】
740K        completed views                                              
92%          video completion rate                                 
93%           viewability


About the client【标题】
Zen Pırlanta is one of the biggest jewelry brands in Turkey. They are growing rapidly and are opening new stores, as well as expanding their product line and adding perfumery to their portfolio. After seeing the increasing potential of e-commerce during the COVID-19 pandemic, Zen Pırlanta decided to invest more heavily in digital channels. In August 2020, they contacted RTiBid to expand their branding activities.

What they say about us【标题】
“Our goal at Zen Pırlanta was to enhance our branding activities and grow our audience. We are very satisfied with our successful cooperation with RTiBid. Once they explained their strategy and implemented the relevant technologies, we were able to see positive results in all phases, especially related to the impressive reach and completed views. We can definitely recommend them for such campaigns.”

Can Aydıner

E-Commerce Coordinator, Zen Pırlanta


The challenge【标题】
Zen Pırlanta already had very high visibility on TV and through numerous online outlets such as branding channels. However, the majority of web channels were used for performance purposes, and most ad types were evaluated based on how much money they brought in.

As competitors increased their brand awareness, Zen Pırlanta needed to think of new strategies to reach a larger number of potential purchasers while maintaining the high value of their brand.

Their challenge was to generate better visibility and awareness for the same ad spend, so they chose to launch upper-funnel brand awareness campaigns in which sales contribution was not a KPI. The challenge for RTiBid was to show the expanding brand the value of such advertising.

a hand wearing silver ring

The solution【标题】
Zen Pırlanta decided to expand its marketing efforts to include brand awareness campaigns, introducing customized Stream Video Ads from RTiBid. The campaigns targeted new and existing customers who were in the upper funnel and helped them build a relationship with the brand.

By applying this method, Zen Pırlanta was able to take a softer approach to users without current and strong purchase intent.


The result【标题】
RTiBid was able to accomplish some outstanding outcomes in terms of brand recognition by leveraging the potential of its solutions in all marketing funnels. Streaming Video Ads were seen by 740K unique users, with an incredible viewability rate of 93.04% and an overall video completion rate of 92.35%. Zen Pırlanta was delighted with these results, which are well above industry benchmarks and prove that better ad content and smart ad placement are key to strong brand awareness campaigns.
---


Tıkla Gelsin Leverages Deep Learning for Winning In-APP Campaign【大标题】 5
Turkish food delivery app increases revenue with AI-powered retargeting.

【数据】
7%      Share of total conversions                                                                                             
86%            Higher conversion value than the target                                                 
30%+   Conversion rate
 

About the client【标题】
Tıkla Gelsin is an ecommerce platform and mobile delivery application
established and run by TFI TAB Food Investments. Tıkla Gelsin offers
the products of TAB Gıda’s operating brands, including Burger King,
Popeyes, Arby’s, Subway, Sbarro, Usta Dönerci, Usta Pideci and other
ecosystem brand Amasya Et Ürünleri.

Platform users can find hundreds of tastes ranging from burgers to
doner kebab, salads to soups, and pizzas to lahmacun with just one
click. Tıkla Gelsin users also benefit from exclusive and customized
promotions from their favorite restaurants and earn Tıkla Para bonuses
with their orders to redeem for following orders.

All mentioned brands are registered trademarks.

 What they say about us【标题】
"RTiBid’s Deep Learning-powered technology exceeded our expectations. Their communicative account management and strategy team helped build up our campaign scale and bring outstanding results. The static banner campaign was a big success and it is exciting for us to think about what RTiBid can bring in the future with the dynamic retargeting campaigns. Our advanced partnership with RTiBid is built on trust and results—both key for any successful collaboration."

Nihan Gürsoy

Performance Marketing Senior Specialist TAB Gıda – Tıkla Gelsin

The challenge【标题】
Tıkla Gelsin was already working with RTiBid to optimize their
web retargeting campaigns. However, the client wanted to quickly
launch an in-app campaign focused on increasing revenue, with
ROI a high priority for the first months. Excited about leveraging the
potential of their app through retargeting, Tıkla Gelsin challenged
RTiBid to demonstrate the campaign’s effectiveness from the
outset. In such a competitive landscape, with numerous other huge
brands present in the sector, and with the client’s high expectations,
it was a significant challenge.

The solution【标题】
We implemented two distinct campaigns supplemented by best-in-class
static banners. The first was aimed at convincing existing users
to make a first food purchase through an offer that awarded a discount
for taking this important step. The second campaign focused on brand
loyalty. As Tıkla Gelsin had a program that granted coupons to customers
for repeat orders, we agreed with the client to feature the coupon
itself on the banners.

The result【标题】
For every month of the campaigns, RTiBid was able to exceed the expected KPIs, including 86% more ROAS on average from November to December. The campaigns also exceeded the client’s expectations of revenue generation—again by 86% more than the target, and with a 30%+ conversion rate. During the campaigns, 7.67% of Tıkla Gelsin’s total conversions came by way of RTiBid.

Campaign performance increased each month and the client’s satisfaction was demonstrated with a budget increase of 100%. The partnership continues, stronger than ever, with the shared aim of mining the full potential of Tıkla Gelsin’s campaigns.
---

Westwing Grows Retargeting Revenue with RTiBid by 81% over Black Friday【大标题】
Personalized retargeting campaigns boosted home and design brand’s market advantage during a challenging retail period.

【数据】
+81%        Revenue MoM                                    
+70%             Revenue YoY


About the client【标题】
Westwing is a home decor, design, and lifestyle platform that brings more beauty to its customers. Through three main channels—Clube, Now, and Lojas—the brand curates inspirational products from renowned names in the market, such as Le Creuset, Kitchenaid, and Luiza Perea, as well as its own brand, the Westwing Collection.

In 2011, the company entered the Brazilian market as a subsidiary of the German group Westwing. The company has been working with RTiBid since 2020 to implement Deep Learning-based retargeting campaigns.

What they say about us【标题】
"The partnership with RTiBid was instrumental in increasing the scale of retargeting campaigns on WestwingClube and WestwingNow. Our budget allocation was even more effective with them, which drove revenue growth and stable YOY ROI, even during Black Friday, the most challenging and competitive period for us in Brazil."

Samantha Araujo

Head of Growth at Westwing

The challenge【标题】
Black Friday is the busiest period for retail in Brazil and a major focus for interior design brands. However, in 2022, it coincided with the opening weekend of the football World Cup, meaning any promotions would have to compete for the nation’s attention. RTiBid had to bring greater scale and revenue to Westwing’s two websites while maintaining their ROI goals all in a fast-paced, highly competitive retail sector.
The solution【标题】
RTiBid and Westwing worked closely to develop the best media strategy to deliver on campaigns goals. To anticipate Black Friday, account managers divided Westwing products into categories and promotional periods and created highly engaging dedicated banners for retargeting campaigns. This strategy helped drive additive sales throughout the month.

Our Deep Learning-powered campaigns maximized conversions by delivering targeted, personalized ads, with relevant product recommendations, to customers who were ready to buy.

The result【标题】
Despite the World Cup opening and a 1% YOY drop in Black Friday month ecommerce sales in Brazil*, Westwing campaigns carried out with RTiBid exceeded the company’s established goals. They brought in an 81% increase in revenue from October to November 2022, while keeping a stable ROI. Compared to the previous November, the campaigns achieved a 70% increase in revenue.

Deep Learning-powered ad campaigns are able to better serve relevant ad creatives to individuals and predict buyer intent. This better use of campaign resources led to much more compelling results for Westwing during Black Friday.



